adding new docs about changing domain owner (#211)
ByteInternet/hypernode-docs-next: docs/services/control-panel/how-to-change-the-owner-of-a-domain-in-the-control-panel.md

---
myst:
  html_meta:
    description: Learn how to change the owner of a domain in the Control Panel. This
      guide provides step-by-step instructions on how to securely change the owner.
    title: How to change the owner of a domain? | Control Panel
    keywords: hypernode, domains, transfer owner, change owner, domain owner
---

# How to change the financial owner of the domain in the Control Panel

> As well as [transferring ownership of the Hypernode](https://docs.hypernode.com/services/control-panel/how-to-transfer-ownership-of-a-hypernode-in-the-control-panel.html) you can now also change the domain's owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As well as [transferring ownership of the Hypernode](./how-to-transfer-ownership-of-a-hypernode-in-the-control-panel.md) you can now also change the domain's owner.
```

1. The new owner receives a confirmation email and can then accept the request.

## “You cannot transfer with a Hypernode” notification

If you see the notification and cannot click the button, it means you have a Hypernode linked to this domain. First, you need to unlink a domain. To do so follow the steps below.

### Option 1

1. Press “unlink it” in the notification. It will redirect you to the page with the linked Hypernode.
1. In the list, check the circle next to the “Unlink” option and press Save
1. Follow the steps from point 1. Change the owner of the domain

### Option 2

1. Go back to the previous page - the domain dashboard
1. In the section **Linked Hypernode** press the button **Edit linked Hypernode**
1. In the list, check the circle next to the “Unlink” option and press **Save**
1. Follow the steps from point 1. Change the owner of the domain

## I don’t see the link to change the owner in domain dashboard

The option is visible only for the owner of the email that’s going to change. If it’s not your email and you want to change the owner, you need to ask the owner of the domain to do so.

## I don’t want to unlink a domain

> If you want to transfer domain without unlinking it from the Hypernode, you can transfer it together with the Hypernode. To do this, [follow the steps for transferring Hypernode](https://docs.hypernode.com/services/control-panel/how-to-transfer-ownership-of-a-hypernode-in-the-control-panel.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to transfer domain without unlinking it from the Hypernode, you can transfer it together with the Hypernode. To do this, [follow the steps for transferring Hypernode](./how-to-transfer-ownership-of-a-hypernode-in-the-control-panel.md).
```
